docs updates (#10)
aws-ia/cloudformation-cloudflare-resource-providers: Cloudflare-Dns-Record/README.md

# Cloudflare::Dns::Record

This resource type manages a [Cloudflare DNS Record][3]

 [Documentation][4]
## Prerequisites
* [AWS Account][14]
* [AWS CLI][15]
* [Cloudflare account][16] and [API key][17]
## AWS Management Console

To get started:

1. Sign in to the [AWS Management Console][11] with your account and navigate to CloudFormation.

2. Select "Public extensions" from the left hand pane and filter Publisher by "Third Party".

3. Use the search bar to filter by the "NewRelic" prefix.

  Note: All official  Cloudflare resources begin with `Cloudflare::` and specify that they are `Published by Cloudflare`.

4. Select the desired resource name to view more information about its schema, and click **Activate**.

5. On the **Extension details** page, specify:
  - Extension name
  - Execution role ARN
  - Automatic updates for minor version releases
  - Configuration

6. In your terminal, specify the configuration data for the registered New Relic CloudFormation resource type, in the given account and region by using the **SetTypeConfiguration** operation:

  For example:

  ```Bash
  $ aws cloudformation set-type-configuration \z`
  --region us-west-2 --type RESOURCE \

>   --type-name NewRelic::Alert::AlertsPolicy \

Reviewer: Update for this type configuration

  --configuration-alias default \
  --configuration "{ \"CloudflareAccess\":{\"Url\":\"https://dash.cloudflare.com/uuid\",\"ApiKey\":\"YOURAPIKEY\"}}"
  ```

> 7. After you have your resource configured, [create your AWS stack][12] that includes any of the activated NewRelic resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. After you have your resource configured, [create your AWS stack][12] that includes any of the activated Cloudflare resources.
```

For more information about available commands and workflows, see the official [AWS documentation][13].

## Supported regions

> The New Relic CloudFormation resources are available on the CloudFormation Public Registry in the following regions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloudflare CloudFormation resources are available on the CloudFormation Public Registry in the following regions:
```

| Code            | Name                      |
|-----------------|---------------------------|
| us-east-1       | US East (N. Virginia)     |
| us-east-2       | US East (Ohio)            |
| us-west-1       | US West (N. California)   |
| us-west-2       | US West (Oregon)          |
| ap-south-1      | Asia Pacific (Mumbai)     |
| ap-northeast-1  | Asia Pacific (Tokyo)      |
| ap-northeast-2  | Asia Pacific (Seoul)      |
| ap-southeast-1  | Asia Pacific (Singapore)  |
| ap-southeast-2  | Asia Pacific (Sydney)     |
| ca-central-1    | Canada (Central)          |
| eu-central-1    | Europe (Frankfurt)        |
| eu-west-1       | Europe (Ireland)          |
| eu-west-2       | Europe (London)           |
| eu-west-3       | Europe (Paris)            |
| eu-north-1      | Europe (Stockholm)        |
| sa-east-1       | South America (São Paulo) |

**Note**: To privately register a resource in any other region, use the provided packages.

## Examples

### Dns Record creation example using the Cloudformation Cloudflare resource
```yaml
---
AWSTemplateFormatVersion: '2010-09-09'

> Description: Shows how to create a Dashboard in NewRelic

Reviewer: Update for this resource type.
